I have: Arguments A and obs prot
I claim: dp is phi
I want to be able to validate the claim experimentally
That is?
Whatever the path, these patients would have adhered to phi

Experimentally I can observe some things: a1 leadsto phi, a1' leadsto phi, etc., but only from one increasing sequence.
I can also falsify general claims, such as: all i, alpha leadsto phi.
Can be falsified by: exists i suchthat alpha ¬l phi
Which kind of formulas can be falsified?
Those whose negations are of the form: exists i, j, … st alpha ileadsto phi land beta jleadsto phi land alpha' ileadsto phi with increasing sequences.
Thus I can claim stuff of the form forall i: alpha ¬ileadsto phi or alpha' ¬ileadsto phi
In other words, stuff of the form forall i in I': alpha ileadsto phi or alpha' ileadsto phi for increasing sequence.
Thus, of the form [forall i suchthat alpha nileadsto phi: alpha' ileadsto phi]
Formula F of the form: alpha ileadsto phi implies beta nileadsto phi equiv alpha nileadsto phi lor beta nileadsto phi not falsifiable: could have some i for which alpha ileadsto phi and beta ileadsto phi but this is not observable, can only observe one.

Sound and complete.
Consider i st some arg is decisive. Can I show it?
Exists some i with decisive arg but I can't show it? Using the above formulas.
Thus ileadsto admits a decisive arg.
Possible show it?
Thm: if a dec, poss show it.
Contra:
If imposs to show, then a not dec
Obvious: if a dec, formula is forall i, a dec.
If a dec for I and b dec for J?
Claim: if a fails, b is decisive _afterwards_. BUT b tout court ?
Also: if b fails, a is decisive _afterwards_.
Does this show that a or b dec?
Poss that the claims hold and not a or b dec?
YES:
b fails
a fails
a, then b decisive
b, then a decisive

Pop has some i with a dec, some j with b dec, and some k with neither.
However, this is detectable as prop a failing plus b failing is 100% iff k is zero.

Note that we need something more in any case. Proof. If J dec, I can prove it by being prescient about J, but if I'm not and I need some obs alpha about J, then my claim of the form alpha … implies x decisive does NOT cover NOT starting with alpha, and it's lost (could have some k st x is decisive iff starting with alpha).

Hopefully this covers everything we need: formulas of the form a dec or b dec; and proofs using statistical exclusion of k's.

TODO check that example below is similar.

Current approach
Truthful implies correct.
I propose a procedure: attempt to falsify using this and that; and that is enough.
All my formulas are valid, and that is enough.
I can prove a decisive with all formulas alid.
Problem: a is not decisive even though all formulas valid.
The procedure is not sound: it proves stuff that do not hold.

a, a5 OK
a, a5, b NO b fails but adec afterwards?
a, a4 NO
a, a4, b OK a fails but b dec aftw
a or b appear to be decisive but neither is.

=> recap
a dec after some hist alpha = (a, a5)
b dec after some hist (a, a4)
b not dec bedcause (a, a5, b) KO
a not dec because (a, a4, a) KO

